# Malon-Global-Technologies
The projects Assessment Test named MALON_WEB_APP and hosted on an SMARTERASP.NET https://www.smarterasp.net/ platform with the following url: http://mustapha12121312-001-site1.ctempurl.com/ is a three page web application whose backend was built with C# and the frontend was built using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT and BootStrap.  The following libraries were installed and used during the course of the project : -  A. EntityFrameworkCore - This is a C#.Net Library that handles the code logic for queries. B. EntityFramework.SqlServer - This is a C#.Net library that handles the connection of the web application to an SQL Server Database C. EntityFramework.Tools - This is a C#.Net library that handles connect the web migration of models to the database D. JWT Bearer - This is a token based authentication library used for validating a user.  The database used for this project is Microsoft SQL Server 2019 client. The project allows for a seemless users registration and login after which they are redirected to the home page where some details about the said user(s) is displayed.  The system can be used as follows: after cloning the web application, the live and local database connection string can be found on the appsettings.json file, so for personal use, the database should be replicated locally on the users system.  Also note that internet connection is required to access some bootstrap and libraries used in the project.  The system was built for reuse, so the major adjustment to make is just the database.
